What is the effect of management extensification on grasslands plant diversity?
Does mycorrhizal inoculation increases plant biomass?
Does grassland management extensification reduce soil microbial diversity?
Does warming in grasslands increase soil microbial activity?
What is the most common effect of fertilization on grassland plant diversity?
What is the best way to manage a 1 hectare stand of Phragmites Australis in a near-urban area?
How does buckthorn invasion impact biodiversity?
Does providing snacks increase the chance that a volunteer returns to volunteer again?
Is citizen science data as reliable as professionally collected data?
Do restoration projects have better outcomes with more engaged people?
How does mowing maintain grasslands?
What are the key mechanisms in invasion ecology?
How could we improve populations of pollinators
What are the key challenges for biodiversity currently?
What is climate change doing to bees?
How can we weave traditional ecological knowledge and scientific knowledge in conservation and wildlife management project ?
How to identify critical habitat for peary caribou ?
How to monitor and manage snow goose populations while preserving food security for arctic indigenous communities
How new technologies can improve  knowledge weaving processes in wildlife management ?
/
What determines the invasive potential of Phyllostachis bambusoides?
What is the role of environmental heterogeneity for the biodiversity ecosystem function relationship?
How does the biodiversity ecosystem function relationship depend on the spatial scale?
Which mechanisms drive the biodiversity ecosystem function relationship in ecosystems other than grasslands?
Which factors determine the success of reintroducing lynx to the Austrian northern limestone alps?
How does climate change impact pollinator diversity and community composition in tropical mountains?
How do invasive plant and animal species disrupt pollination networks and affect native pollinator communities in tropical mountains?
What is the role of microbial communities in the formation and stabilization of permafrost, and how does this influence the long-term carbon cycle?
How do the unique pressure and temperature conditions of the deep sea influence the uptake, distribution, and effects of radionuclides in marine organisms?
Through what mechanisms can fish become invasive in mountain lakes?
What is a realistic pesticide range for an experiment with pesticide impacts on bees?
What is the effect of climate change on bees overwintering period?
What is the relation between biodiversity and health?
What are the best practices in bee pollinator conservation?
Will the AMOC change its course?
Is there evidence that climate change and land use interact to alter biodiversity of grasslands?
Can herbaria specimens be used to study effects of climate change?
Can herbivory modulate the effects of global change on plant communities?
What is the most important global change driver for plant communities?
what are the methodological challenges to measure seedling functional traits?
What is the best way to restore a degraded peat land?
I want to enhance biodiversity on a river bank by sowing native species. Should I sow all species at once, or is it better to sow one after the other according to their germination times?
How successful is urban green infrastructure in enhancing bird diversity?
Is enemy release a good explanation for invasion success?
When could mowing be more efficient than grazing in restoring plant diversity, and why?
How does the presence of an alien plant species change the interactions between organisms in the pre-existing plant community?
What is known about the effects of green roofs on urban insect biodiversity?
How do soil biota affect insects?
What is known about the effects of soil biota on plant diversity in calcareous soils in Central Europe?
What is known about the causes of insect decline in Europe?
